[Music]
to add the transition to your timeline
start by choosing the clips you want the
transition to be added to from there
press the transition icon on the toolbar
to the left or press D on your keyboard
once you click the transition icon a
menu of available transitions will
appear let's talk about the different
options you can make the first
transition is cross dissolve which is a
transition between neighboring clips
that blends one into the other smoothly
if either clip is removed or moved
breaking the adjacency the cross
dissolve will also be
removed for a cross dissolve to work
each clip must have a duration at least
half as long as the cross dissolve
itself if not the transition won't work
the unused portions at the end of the
left clip and the beginning of the right
clip must each be at least half the
duration of the Cross
[Music]
dissolve the next transition is dissolve
in this transition gradually fades in a
clip the clip must have a duration at
least as long as the dissolve in effect
the effect will be removed if the clip
is deleted or if the duration
requirement is not
met the last transition is dissolve out
dissolve out is almost the same as
dissolve in the only difference is that
dissolve out Fades out a clip the rest
is exactly the
same now let's let's move on to
Transitions between audio tracks the
rules for audio transitions are very
similar to those for video transitions
audio cross fade is the same transition
as cross dissolve but only for audio
when adding the transition remember that
each clip must have a duration at least
half as long as the cross fade itself if
not the transition won't work you can
also achieve the transition by holding
in shift and pressing d d creativity you
can anytime anywhere without being audio
fade in and audio Fade Out is either
fading the audio into the next clip
location or environment anywh without
being or fading out of the current
clip without being limited to your
anytime anywhere with